feat: v1beta1 (#4744)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/reference/metrics.md

### `karpenter_deprovisioning_replacement_machine_launch_failure_counter`
The number of times that Karpenter failed to launch a replacement node for deprovisioning. Labeled by deprovisioner.

## Disruption Metrics

### `karpenter_disruption_actions_performed_total`

> Number of disruption methods performed. Labeled by disruption type.

Reviewer: does this make more sense?
```suggestion
Number of disruption actions performed. Labeled by disruption method.
```

Author: Ooops. Yep, should probably change this in core, then

Author: Updated
